---
layout: post
title: Week 3 2017 
---

And our third week of football is in the books! Let's break down what happened:

### Trade Away Kareem Hunt
Alright guys. It's time. It's time we finally talk about him. The rookie running-back out of Toledo who has put up over **86 POINTS** over the past three weeks. Look, if you read my Draft Strategies post from earlier in the season, you'll know that I thought Kareem Hunt would be good, but I never imagined _this_ good. So now I'm guessing that you guys are scratching your heads. _"If he's so good, why on Earth would we trade him away?"_ Guys, he's not going to keep up this level of production. If he does, he'll have the greatest single-season in fantasy football history, and the odds of that happening are unbelievably low. Defenses are going to figure him out as the season progresses and his point totals are going to slow down. He has three monster games under his belt and can be traded for probably any other player out there. If you own Hunt, you have possibly one of the best trading pawns in recent years. Trade him for some reliable studs while you can, before his value drops in the coming weeks.

### Trade Away Stefon Diggs
This might be another surprising one. Diggs is the number one receiver in all of fantasy football right now, fresh off a monster 29 point game against the Buccaneers. Not only do I think Diggs is going to slow down, but let me remind you that he does this _every single year_. Every year he has a sensational first three games, gets everyone all riled up, and then proceeds to wet the bed for the rest of the season. I honestly don't trust him enough to do something different this year. While his value is still sky-high, try to trade him for a consistent running-back.

### Add Chris Carson
With literally every other running-back injured, Chris Carson is the lone man in Seattle's backfield. He's coming off of back to back double digit games from when he was in a committee, and now that he's the bell-cow in Seattle's run-first offense, I see him gashing the Titans' pedestrian run defense this week.
